Do not say anything a 7 yo boy would not do or say.
I'm feeling trepidation at the prospect of a parentless existence.
You've used my logic against me.
That is amazingly funny.
But if you're here, who's gaurding Hades? :V
We were doomed the moment she slithered into precinct.
She sabotaged my career,because I refused to bed her.
I'm not a man of unlimited cajoling.
You think that semicolon was a mistake?
More importantly, Wuntch got served.
Like Frans Bruggen plays the flute!
You're 3 minutes early...in Chicago.
I hope there's a lot of drug activity there.
It's time for you to be suspended!
You made my turn my chair.
What an idiotic thing to say! What's a Thanksgiving gift?
Fine...crumb me up.
I'm in a state of total euphoria.
I made an error and I'm not gonna correct it. I'm just gonna let it dangle..dangle..dangle.
I have no interest in food.
If it were feasible, my diet would entirely consist of flavorless beige smoothies containing all nutrients required by human animal.
I want a sandwich, I make a sandwich, I eat a sandwich.
I am man of my word, so I did not peruse.
And Cheddar. Cheddar is also here.
Detective Rosa Diaz is in my breakfast nook.
Detective Rosa Diaz has left.
No more disturbed water.
The man I saw in the grocery store was Blair Underwood.
I'm not a child. I dont need a bubble bath.
The futility of lighting candles only to blow them the out immediately is one reason why I find children's parties impractical.
Any smile that lasts a second and a half is a con man's ruse.
Huh! Meat from the street...sounds like a fun treat.
NO! This is a very private emergency!
Normal? Take it again!
If you love someone, you'll remember what they look like.
Coat, coat, jacket, coat. Is this a police precinct or a Turkish bazaar?
I'm in a data-backup deficit! >:|
I wasn't injured. I was lightly stabbed.
Floundering is worse than silence.
I am good at emotion.
I'm proud of you.
I maintain a strict code of integrity.
Sarcasm--the coward's lie.
No, I'm no bunny buying coward.
Are your bosoms tender?
Are your sense heightened?
Let's just cut to the chase. Never is not just a crater on Mars.
Gina, where have been? You left your cellphone at your desk, and I assumed you were dead.
I played you like a fiddle.
I never thought I'd see ypu this high without a broom underneath you.
Bingpot!
It's time to melt a witch.